Objects and Object Constructors: Remove Object.create (#27444)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: javascript/organizing_your_javascript_code/objects_and_object_constructors.md

- This Youtube video from mpj [explains `Object.create` method](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CDFN1VatiJA) with great details about it, he walks through what it is, why `Object.create` exists in JavaScript, and how to use `Object.create`. Also you can check this video from techsith to understand another point of view of extending objects from others by[`Object.create`](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MACDGu96wrA).
- [The Principles of Object-Oriented JavaScript](https://www.amazon.com/Principles-Object-Oriented-JavaScript-Nicholas-Zakas/dp/1593275404) book by
Nicholas C. Zakas is really great to understand OOP in JavaScript, which explains concepts in-depth, which explores JavaScript's object-oriented nature, revealing the language's unique implementation of inheritance and other key characteristics, it's not free but it's very valuable.

> - This StackOverflow question on objects explains the difference between defining methods via the prototype vs defining them in the constructor [prototype vs defining them in the constructor](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9772307/declaring-javascript-object-method-in-constructor-function-vs-in-prototype/9772864#9772864).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first answer on this StackOverflow question regarding [defining methods via the prototype vs in the constructor](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/9772307/declaring-javascript-object-method-in-constructor-function-vs-in-prototype/9772864#9772864) helps explain when you might want to use one over the other.
```
